BERTHeadEnsembles-limisiewicz-et-al/README.md, before:

# Head Ensembles w/ Substitution
This code contains the original code from [Limisiewicz et al.](https://arxiv.org/abs/2004.14620) and modifications used in our experiments. Relevant details to replicate our results are included below. Some information has been copied from the original repository. See the original repository for full documentation.

## Extracting BERT Attention Maps
**The code and instruction for running BERT over text and extracting the resulting attention map were created by Kevin Clark and 
were adapted for this project. The original code is available at [Attention Analysis Clark et al.](https://github.com/clarkkev/attention-analysis)**

The input data should be a [JSON](https://www.json.org/) file containing a
list of dicts, each one corresponding to a single example to be passed into BERT. Each dict must contain exactly one of the following fields:
* `"text"`: A string.
* `"words"`: A list of strings. Needed if you want word-level rather than
token-level attention.
* `"tokens"`: A list of strings corresponding to BERT wordpiece tokenization.

If the present field is "tokens," the script expects [CLS]/[SEP] tokens
to be already added; otherwise it adds these tokens to the
beginning/end of the text automatically.
Note that if an example is longer than `max_sequence_length` tokens
after BERT wordpiece tokenization, attention maps will not be extracted for it.

Attention extraction is run with
```
python attention-analysis-clark-etal/extract_attention.py --preprocessed-data-file <path-to-your-data> --bert_dir <directory-containing-BERT-model> --max-sequence-length 256
```
The following optional arguments can also be added:
* `--max_sequence_length`: Maximum input sequence length after tokenization (default is 128).
* `--batch_size`: Batch size when running BERT over examples (default is 16).
* `--debug`: Use a tiny BERT model for fast debugging.
* `--cased`: Do not lowercase the input text.
* `--word_level`: Compute word-level instead of token-level attention (see Section 4.1 of the paper).

The list of attention matrices will be saved to  `<path-to-your-data>_attentions.npz`. The file will be referred to as `<path-to-attentions>` in the next steps.

Wordpiece tokenized sentences will be saved to `<path-to-your-data>_source.txt`.  The file will be referred to as `<path-to-wordpieces>` in the next steps.


## Head Ensemble Selection

Select syntactic head ensembles for each Universal Dependencies syntactic relation:

Commit message:

Updating documentation for Experiment 3 code.

BERTHeadEnsembles-limisiewicz-et-al/README.md, after:

# Head Ensembles w/ Substitution
This code contains the original code from [Limisiewicz et al.](https://arxiv.org/abs/2004.14620) and modifications used in our experiments. Relevant details to replicate our results are included below. Some information has been copied from the original repository. See the [original repository](https://github.com/tomlimi/BERTHeadEnsembles) for full documentation.

## Extracting BERT Attention Maps (Baseline)
**The code and instruction for running BERT over text and extracting the resulting attention map were created by Kevin Clark and 
were adapted for this project. The original code is available at [Attention Analysis Clark et al.](https://github.com/clarkkev/attention-analysis)**

The input data should be a [JSON](https://www.json.org/) file containing a
list of dicts, each one corresponding to a single example to be passed into BERT. Each dict must contain exactly one of the following fields:
* `"text"`: A string.
* `"words"`: A list of strings. Needed if you want word-level rather than
token-level attention.
* `"tokens"`: A list of strings corresponding to BERT wordpiece tokenization.

If the present field is "tokens," the script expects [CLS]/[SEP] tokens
to be already added; otherwise it adds these tokens to the
beginning/end of the text automatically.
Note that if an example is longer than `max_sequence_length` tokens
after BERT wordpiece tokenization, attention maps will not be extracted for it.

Attention extraction is run with
```
python attention-analysis-clark-etal/extract_attention.py --preprocessed-data-file <path-to-your-data> --bert_dir <directory-containing-BERT-model> --max-sequence-length 256
```
The following optional arguments can also be added:
* `--max_sequence_length`: Maximum input sequence length after tokenization (default is 128).
* `--batch_size`: Batch size when running BERT over examples (default is 16).
* `--debug`: Use a tiny BERT model for fast debugging.
* `--cased`: Do not lowercase the input text.
* `--word_level`: Compute word-level instead of token-level attention (see Section 4.1 of the paper).

The list of attention matrices will be saved to  `<path-to-your-data>_attentions.npz`. The file will be referred to as `<path-to-attentions>` in the next steps.

Wordpiece tokenized sentences will be saved to `<path-to-your-data>_source.txt`.  The file will be referred to as `<path-to-wordpieces>` in the next steps.

# Inducing Trees (Baseline)
The pipeline described in the original repository can be used to extract trees and evaluate the method described in the original paper.

## SSUD-Enhanced Induction
To replicate the results in our paper's Experiment 3, the following two scripts can be used to extract attention scores, then induce trees. To extract attention scores first: `scripts/extract_attention_substitutions.sh`, and to induce trees: `scripts/evaluate_substitution.sh`. 

There is no change to the parsing algorithms used in the original work, some minor changes were made in the shape of the files to accomodate parsing with substituted sentences.
